Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: The resnet and vgg classifiers correctly identified the breed of the dog in Dog_01.jpg. However, alexnet incorrectly labeled it as a labrador retriever.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: The resnet and vgg classifiers labeled Dog_02.jpg as a "siamese cat, siamese, cat," which is different from their classification of Dog_01.jpg. Meanwhile, alexnet labeled Dog_02.jpg as a "cougar, puma, mountain lion, painter, panther, felis concolor," which also differs from its classification of Dog_01.jpg.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes, all three model architectures correctly identified that neither Animal_Name_01.jpg nor Object_Name_01.jpg were dogs. Even for the alternate animal image (cat), all models accurately classified it.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: The resnet and vgg architectures had the best results, correctly classifying Dog_01.jpg and Cat_01.jpg. Both, however, misclassified Dog_02.jpg. This led to the decision to evaluate their performance on a third image, which was an oocyte. Although both models were incorrect in their labeling, resnet was closer by classifying it as a nematode, while vgg labeled it as an electric switch. Due to resnet's classification being more proximate, as it correctly identified something microscopic, resnet was selected as the best model.
<
